## Synopsis
This is a LLM-based product that will scan an image of an Shipper's Declaration for Dangerous Goods and cross-check it to the 500+ page AFMAN 24-604 to ensure there is no errors, speeding up the inspection process and minimizing the potential for human error.

## Problem
During mobility movements, hazardous cargo must be accompanied by a Shippers Declaration for Dangerous Goods (SDDG). These forms are created by the units Increment Monitors, who often have little training and no Professional Military Education on the topic. Typically, Hazardous Materials Preparers are sent to a two-week formal course to learn how to properly prepare and document hazardous goods. Once the cargo is prepared by the Increment Monitor, it is moved to the Cargo Deployment Function (CDF), where it is inspected by a qualified Joint Inspector. This step requires the inspection of the SDDG. Any errors on these documents will bring the entire CDF to a standstill while the errors are corrected. This can lead to significantly longer cargo processing times and present the potential aircraft departure delays.

## Solution
To find a solution to this problem and leverage the emerging technologies of Artificial Intelligence, I've teamed up with ConductorAI to envision HazardNav. HazardNav is a Large Language Model-based product capable of scanning an SDDG and cross-checking it against the 500+ page AFMAN 24-604 to ensure there are no errors, speeding up the inspection process and minimizing the potential for human error. While the Increment Monitors will still complete the SDDG forms, our software will be able to quickly and accurately review the manual entries for compliance with AFMAN 24-604, ensuring all goods have been appropriately classified and marked for transportation, and alleviating a common bottleneck in the transport of goods. If errors are identified by the HazardNav program, they will be highlighted on the screen to show where corrections are needed.

Even though this tool is targeted towards Increment Monitors, it is easily adaptable by both the Traffic Management Office (TMO) and Air Transportation career fields. The TMO office is responsible for preparing non-mobility cargo for airlift. This type of cargo still requires the TMO career field to prepare an SDDG to accompany the hazardous cargo. The Air Transportation career field is responsible for inspecting the SDDGs during both mobility and non-mobility missions. Inspectors would be able to utilize this product to help speed up their inspection time and enhance their ability to spot errors in the documentation.

The goal of this product is to allow our team to identify and correct errors before the clock starts.

